Update release-notes.md (#371)
astronomer/docs: cloud/release-notes.md

For more information on the Astronomer Cloud CLI, see [CLI Release Notes](cli-release-notes.md). For install instructions, read [Install the CLI](install-cli.md).

> ### Greater Flexibility with User Login

Author: Fine with me

> You can now log in to your Astronomer Cloud account with your email across all authentication methods, including GitHub, Google, username/password, and third-party IDP authentication (if configured). Regardless of the authentication type you use to log in, you will have a single user record associated with a single email address. This also means that all organizations now have GitHub, Google, and username/password authentication methods enabled by default for all users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer now supports multiple authentication methods for a single user account. This means that as long as you're using a consistent email address, you can authenticate with GitHub, Google, username/password, and/or [an external identity provider (idP)](configure-idp.md). Previously, a single user account could only ever authenticate with one method, which could not be changed after the account was created.

This also means that all Organizations now have GitHub, Google, and username/password authentication methods enabled by default for all users.
```

Author: LGTM

### Additional Improvements

> - Changed the default RDS instance type for new Clusters from `db.r5.xlarge` to `db.r5.large`, which represents a monthly cost reduction of ~50%

Reviewer 2: Can we be sure about this? Will all users experience this cost reduction, or is there something else they have to do? Maybe we can use slightly lighter language here, like: `Reduced default maintenance costs by changing the default RDS instance type for new Clusters from `db.r5.xlarge` to `db.r5.large``

Author: Yes the on demand AWS hourly cost is on average 50% cheaper (in some regions a bit more, in others a bit less).
Only newly provisioned clusters would see this cheaper rate. For existing customers, they would have to request a downsize. We would only downsize if there is enough capacity / available overhead to do so.
